NPTU was founded on August 1, 2014, upon the official merger of National Pingtung University of Education and National
Pingtung Institute of Commerce. NPTU is a comprehensive university
advocating academic freedom that emphasizes holistic learning and concern.
Due to such recent changes in the educational environment as the focus on
developing a more global outlook both on campus and in society, the
decreasing birth rate, and a shortage of talent, NPTU aims to prepare
students by providing them with practical and professional skills, as well
as the reasoning and holistic qualities to function competently in a global
environment.

In our quest for excellence, NPTU actively pursues global academic and
research trends in order to develop and achieve success in various
professional fields. NPTU strives to build upon its forerunner schools’
excellent traditions in humanities, art, business, management, science and
education by combining industry, academia, research and local resources to
form a teaching and research university that is both comprehensive and
professional. The mission of NPTU is to persistently strive for innovation
and excellence, pursue national and international academic trends, and to
combine industry and academia with Taiwan’s natural and social resources in
order to develop a university with wide-ranging features that include
business, management, information, education, humanities, and arts, to
cultivate students with a view of global citizenship suitable for meeting
the needs of society. In addition, by combining vocational and technological
training with teacher and other higher education, NPTU integrates primary
and secondary education, and promotes vocational and technological education
along with higher education and to develop multilayered talent.